the difficult part about training to be a leader waas understanding that
I was going to be taking leadership leadership information for people
who were younger than me. Um, you know, we think we always say,
you know, age doesn't matter is just a number, but I joined this organization
kind of late in life. So for me, being able to have an open
mind and receive information for people who are younger than me and
then trusting what they were saying was either true or I would have
to follow up to make sure that what they were saying was was correct.
So for me, I believe that, um, that that that barrier of the age
difference, um that was a challenge for me.